Update plugins.rst (#3963)
mattermost/docs: source/administration/plugins.rst

Upgrading plugins (prior to v5.18)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

In v5.16 and v5.17 the Plugin Marketplace only supports the installation of new plugins. To upgrade a plugin, you need to manually update it by downloading the binary file from the GitHub repository and then upload it in **System Console > Plugin Management**.

Marketplace server
------------------

There are two settings in **System Console > Plugin Management**:

.. image:: https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/915956/66892854-94660d80-efa1-11e9-805c-a85223d43a07.png

> - **Enable Marketplace:** Turns the Marketplace user interface on or off for all users (including System Admins).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Enable Marketplace:** Turns the Plugin Marketplace user interface on or off for System Administrators (End-users cannot see the Plugin Marketplace).
```
